So what's going on?
My friend's kids want to see your brother play
Get him some tickets to deliver
Friend's child
I'm afraid it's Su Yingying and her concerns
Second uncle?
My brother's performances are all public welfare
All the ticket money has to be donated
They want to see it.
Let them pay for the free one themselves.
Why are you so busy without asking you to get any tickets?
Oh, shit
Sister, hang up the phone
OK
Later, I said it will definitely come again.
No, I have to wait.
I can't stand his mother and baby attacks either. Goodbye
Is it so exaggerated?
Why don't you hide?
What if I hide from you?
Miss, here comes Mr. Su
Let him in. Yes
Sunan, did you want the ticket I asked you for?
Uncle, I have said that there are no free tickets.
And this is at my house.
It's not good for you to make a scene like this
What the hell is that girl talking to me?
Believe it or not, I will teach you a lesson for your father.
Uncle, this is the Su family
Please be aware of your identity
Dealer, how dare you foster son talk to me like that
When your parents died
If my brother hadn't brought you back
They're already dead outside
To put it bluntly, you are a dog raised by the Su family
Go out go out go out
What right do you have to say that about my brother?
Even if he's not my parents' biological
He is also my father's personal decision to find his family
But your uncle has no money
It depends on my family's dividends every year
You should not
Do you want to please my big brother?
Otherwise, be careful, he will cut off your money, hey.
Little girl, turn your elbows out
Never mind.
I'm too lazy to care about you uneducated girl
Hey, I took those tickets, you, you
How can my father still have such a brother?
Just robbers
Hurt with you